# October 29, 2024

This is my first entry. I'm new and I get a free 100 this week!
# november 7, 2024
 its important to protect yourse;f online because your information can be accessed by anyone. you could get your identity stolen. robbed, sometimes even kidnapped. you can make sure the sites you use are trust worthy and you dont share any personal information. you can work with others by using apps that are made for socializing and not giving them your number. you can make private accounts or even only share yours socials with people you know and trust.
# november 12, 2024
a current event is the elections. people are upset and arguing over it. soome people dont like trump some dont like kamala and some dont like either. people are posting hate, threats, etc. social media and electronic devices arent exactly helping right now in this moment.
# november 18, 2024
I think technology makes it easier to order food and see whats available where. if you are cooking thanksgiving diner and forget something you dont have all day to look for what you need so you can go online and find out where that item is. you can also do all your holiday shopping online instead of going out. when you go in person you have to go store to store, spending gas money and your time. when you buy online you can do it from anywhere. At work, school, in bed, the library, on a flight and more. you can alao find more online and buy things from outside the country.
# december 2, 2024
ai has taken over the internet in the past few years and theres alot to know about it. It can autogenerate thongs, you can even have full blown conversations with it. The medical field has founds ways to use ai to help them in the past few years. im personally kind of excited to see what happens with ai but also scared because this could cause issues later on. it could possible "take over the world."  i plan on working in the medical field so ai will probably be something i end up working with. i used googles ai overview and recent ai developments from sources across the web.
# december 11, 2024
i use the word brain rot more than i would like to admit. I claim to have "brain rot." i say that because ill repeat internet memes and quotes. I think internet has had a negative impact on me the past year just because of the mental state i was in. I eventually got so bad mentally i went to the mental hospital twice. the first time for a week the second time for 4 months. I think teens can avoid "brain rot" by limiting scream time especially limiting time spent on social media such as tiktok and instagram.
# december 15, 2024
i am looking forward to winter break. im excited to not go to school everyday. Im also excited for the holidays and to spend time with those i love.
# january 8, 2025
last semester i enjoyed how chill the class was. it didnt make me worry and stress out like my other classes. this class is more self paced and online which i like. this semester i really just wanna pass with all 
A's an B's. I was told i would need to take this class in order to become a biomedical technician.
# january 13, 2025
I think ai can both enhance and limit what we can do for jobs. Ai can help us complete things but it also might make it where companies want ai and machines over actual workers. You only have to buy the robot you dont have to pay it a paycheck. My career is going to be fixing machines so im not entirely sure how ai would do my career. I also dont think i can prepare myself for that because we dont know what could and what will happen. Itll be a metter of how i handle it when it happens. I just have to be ready to do whatever i have to do in that situation.
# january 22, 2025
I think the government is somewhat looking out for american safety but i dont think banning tiktok would have done alot. Banning tiktok because its owned by a chinese company is kinda pointless due to the fact we have vpns now and we have so many other apps that chinese companies own. Tiktok could definetely make us more aware about their safety issues and try to work with those issues. Some issues could be weird adults and all they would have to do is ban that acount, or simply block that device from the app. Ive been blocked by apps before but im not sure if itll work on tiktok.If i was to be working with tiktok to develope a safety feature it would probably have something to do with monotoring the actions of users to see if they seem to pose a threat to anyone or anything.

Theres not a whole lot i can personally think of doing to help tiktok. In reality no matter what we do we wont ever be one hundred percent safe.One thing normal citizens could do is monitor how much they share online especially famour influencers. We make it easier to steal our info by posting and sharing everything on social media. Making tiktok a safer space wouldsd need the help from both the government and national citizens.
